# OpenBlook

Link to slides: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1_S5PyHkfycuJ99BPMK8RiR7c6ca1LTlSXlXuXb0liBk/edit?usp=sharing

I'm building a public, transparent ledger platform where users can input data to keep track of decisions 
made by the org and by whom. The two methods this will be accomplished are through storing data into the blockchain and using DAOs for voting. For tracking financials, when money is moved, users input the transaction data with supporting documents. API integration with Plaid would also show previous bank transactions for support. Then data can be signed by multiple parties as a DAO to validate before being input into the blockchain. When a member or investor wants to see how financials are handled, they openly see the chain of data without contacting members, rummaging through documents with trust and they would be charged per transaction.

Inspired by mismanagement of money from my father's church, it removes the risk of trusting one or a group of members to handle financials for the entire org and enforcing transparency. This allows members and investors to openly see the decisions made by the leaders of the org and minimize shady activity. Outside of financial transactions, the DAO system allows members not even in leadership to vote on important decisions and see that the majority-voted decisions are followed through properly. This decentralized app will allow for a trusted book-keeping system to enable for more successful and honest businesses where org members are made accountable and data is easily traceable. 

It removes the risk of trusting one or a group to handle financials for the entire org and enforcing transparency. This allows members and investors to openly see the decisions made by the leaders of the org and minimize shady activity. The DAO allows members not even in leadership to vote on important decisions and see that the majority-voted decisions are followed through properly. This dapp will allow for book-keeping system to enable successful bussiness where data is openly traceable. 
